How does it make you feel
when you preach and teach with zeal,
When you know you’ve done your part
to reach an honest heart?
Knowing you’ve done your best;
then our God will do the rest.
Honest hearts he surely knows—
all those to him disposed.
How does it make you feel
when the words you speak appeal
To the ones whose heart is right
for everlasting life?
Some people turn away,
others might be led astray.
Still we’re glad to bear his name
and witness just the same.
It makes us glad, and we rejoice
to give our heart and mind and voice.
So may our sacrifice of praise
continue all our days.
How does it make you feel,
knowing God’s support is real,
And that he’s entrusted you
to do the work we do?
Proudly we preach and teach,
using bold but gracious speech,
Searching out deserving ones;
this work will soon be done.
It makes us glad, and we rejoice
to give our heart and mind and voice.
So may our sacrifice of praise
continue all our days.